from these two fundamental principles for selecting usable fieldciphers, kerckhoffs deduced
six specific requirements: (1) the systemshould be, if not theoretically unbreakable,
unbreakable in practice; (2)compromise of the system should not inconvenience the
correspondents;(3) the key should be rememberable without notes and should be
easilychangeable; (4) the cryptograms should be transmissible by telegraph; (5)the apparatus or
documents should be portable and operable by a singleperson; (6) the system should be easy,
neither requiring knowledge of along list of rules nor involving mental strain.these
requirements still comprise the ideal which military ciphers aimat. they have been rephrased,
and qualities that lie implicit have -beenmade explicit. but any modern cryptographer would
be very happy if anycipher fulfilled all six.of course, it has never been possible to do that.
there appears to be acertain incompatibility among them that makes it impossible to
instituteall of them at once. the requirement that is usually sacrificed is the
first.kerckhoffs argued strongly against the notion of a field cipher that wouldsimply resist
solution long enough for the orders it transmitted to becarried out. this was not enough,
he said, declaring that "the secretmatter in communications sent over a distance very often
retains itsimportance beyond the day on which it was transmitted." he was on theside of the
angels, but a practical field cipher that is unbreakable wasnot possible in his day, nor is it
today, and so military cryptography hassettled for field ciphers that delay but do not defeat
cryptanalysis.perhaps the most startling requirement, at first glance, was the second.
kerckhoffs explained that by "system" he meant "thematerial part of the system; tableaux,
code books, or whatevermechanical apparatus may be necessary," and not "the key proper."kerckhoffs
here makes for the first time the distinction, now basic tocryptology, between the general
system and the specific key. why mustthe general system "not require secrecy," as, for example,
a codebookrequires it? why must it be "a process that. . . our neighbors can evencopy and adopt"?
because, kerckhoffs said, "it is not necessary toconzure up imaginary phantoms and to suspect
the incorruptibility ofemployees or subalterns to understand that, if a system
requiringsecrecy were in the hands of too large a number of individuals, it couldbe compromised
at each engagement in which one or another of themtook part." this has proved to be true, and
kerckhoffs' secondrequirement has become widely accepted under a form that is sometimescalled
the fundamental assumption of military cryptography: that theenemy knows the general system.
but he must still be unable to solvemessages in it without knowing the specific key. in
its modernformulation, the kerckhoffs doctrine states that secrecy must residesolely in
the keys.had kerckhoffs merely published his perceptions of the problemsfacing post-
telegraph cryptography and his prescriptions for resolvingthem, he would have assured a place for
himself in the pantheon ofcryptology. but he did more. he contributed a technique of
cryptanalysisthat is of supreme importance today. called "superimposition,"
itconstitutes the most general solution for polyalphabetic substitutionsystems. with
few exceptions, it lays no restrictions on the type or lengthof keys, as does the kasiski
method, nor on the alphabets, which may beinterrelated or entirely independent. it wants only
several messages inthe same key. the cryptanalyst must align these one above the other sothat
letters enciphered with the same keyletter will fall into a singlecolumn. in the simplest
case, that of a running key (a very longcontinuous text used as a key, as a novel) that restarts
with eachmessage, he can do this simply by placing all the first letters in the firstcolumn,
all the second letters in the next column, and so on